README.md, before:

JavaScript/TypeScript to C transpiler
=====================================

Produces readable C89 code from JS/TS code.

For example, this JavaScript:

```javascript
console.log("Hello world!");
```

transpiles to the following C code:

```c
#include <stdio.h>

int main() {
    printf("Hello world!\n");
    return 0;
}
```

No excessive code that is not actually needed is ever generated.

The output is as readable as possible and mostly maps well to the original code.

Another example:

```javascript
var obj = { key: "hello" };
obj["newKey"] = "test";
console.log(obj);
```

transpiles to the following C code:

```c
#include <stdlib.h>
#include <assert.h>
#include <stdio.h>

struct obj_t {
    const char * key;
    const char * newKey;
};

static struct obj_t * obj;
int main(void) {

    obj = malloc(sizeof(*obj));
    assert(obj != NULL);
    obj->key = "hello";
    obj->newKey = "test";

    printf("{ ");
    printf("key: \"%s\"", obj->key);
    printf(", ");
    printf("newKey: \"%s\"", obj->newKey);
    printf(" }\n");

    free(obj);

    return 0;
}
```


Project status
--------------

__**Work in progress:**__ it works, but only a small fraction of JS/TS syntax is currently supported.

Currently supported features:

 - literals: integer numbers, strings, booleans, array literals, object literals
 - variables of types: integer number, string, boolean, array, object
 - statements: `if`-`then`-`else`, `while`, `for`, `for`-`of`, `return`
 - functions in global scope
 - comparisons: `>`, `<`, `<=`, `>=`, `==`, `!=`
 - operations: `-`, `+`, `*`, `/`, `++`, `--` 
 - console.log

Limitations:

 - dynamic variables (i.e. which accept values of multiple types) aren't supported yet  
 - objects must have fixed property names, dynamic property names aren't supported yet
 - arrays currently support only `push()`, `pop()` and `length`
 - strings only support `indexOf()`
 - operations and comparisons are limited depending on operand types:
    - string and number: `==`, `+`
    - string and string: `==`, `+`
    - number and number: `>`, `<`, `<=`, `>=`, `==`, `!=`, `-`, `+`, `*`, `/`, `++`, `--`

Memory management is done via [escape analysis](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Escape_analysis).
Recursion or indirect recursion aren't supported yet, but otherwise this works relatively fine.

Some working examples can be found in **tests** folder.

Live demo
---------

You can try it out yourself online:

 - https://andrei-markeev.github.io/ts2c/

Rationale
---------

The main motivation behind this project was to solve problem that IoT and wearables cannot be currently efficiently
programmed with JavaScript.

The thing is, for sustainable IoT devices that can work for a *long time* on single battery, things like
Raspberry Pi won't do. You'll have to use low-power microcontrollers, which usually have very little memory available.

RAM ranges literally **from 512 bytes** to 120KB, and ROM/Flash **from 1KB** to 4MB. In such conditions, even
optimized JS interpreters like [JerryScript](https://github.com/Samsung/jerryscript), 
[Espruino](https://github.com/espruino/Espruino) or [V7](https://github.com/cesanta/v7) are sometimes too 
much of an overhead and usually lead to the increased battery drain and/or don't leave a lot of system 
resources to your program.

Of course, transpiler cannot map 100% of the JavaScript language and some things are have to be left out, `eval`
being first of them. Still, current conclusion is, that it is possible to transpile most of the language. 

These are some examples of planned target platforms for using with TS2C:
 - [ESP8266](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ESP8266)
 - [Pebble watch](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pebble_(watch))
 - [Atmel AVR](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atmel_AVR#Basic_families) family (used in Arduino boards)   
 - [TI MSP430](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TI_MSP430) family


Usage
-----

Syntax:
```sh
node ts2c.js <files to transpile>
```

In browser (also see **index.html** file):
```html
<script src="https://npmcdn.com/typescript"></script>
<script src="ts2c.bundle.js"></script>
<script>
    var cCode = ts2c.transpile("console.log('Hello world!')");
    alert(cCode);
</script>
```

Commit message:

Added string.length and support for \uXXXX

README.md, after:

JavaScript/TypeScript to C transpiler
=====================================

Produces readable C89 code from JS/TS code.

For example, this JavaScript:

```javascript
console.log("Hello world!");
```

transpiles to the following C code:

```c
#include <stdio.h>

int main() {
    printf("Hello world!\n");
    return 0;
}
```

No excessive code that is not actually needed is ever generated.

The output is as readable as possible and mostly maps well to the original code.

Another example:

```javascript
var obj = { key: "hello" };
obj["newKey"] = "test";
console.log(obj);
```

transpiles to the following C code:

```c
#include <stdlib.h>
#include <assert.h>
#include <stdio.h>

struct obj_t {
    const char * key;
    const char * newKey;
};

static struct obj_t * obj;
int main(void) {

    obj = malloc(sizeof(*obj));
    assert(obj != NULL);
    obj->key = "hello";
    obj->newKey = "test";

    printf("{ ");
    printf("key: \"%s\"", obj->key);
    printf(", ");
    printf("newKey: \"%s\"", obj->newKey);
    printf(" }\n");

    free(obj);

    return 0;
}
```


Project status
--------------

__**Work in progress:**__ it works, but only a small fraction of JS/TS syntax is currently supported.

Currently supported features:

 - literals: integer numbers, strings, booleans, array literals, object literals
 - variables of types: integer number, string, boolean, array, object
 - statements: `if`-`then`-`else`, `while`, `for`, `for`-`of`, `return`
 - functions in global scope
 - comparisons: `>`, `<`, `<=`, `>=`, `==`, `!=`
 - operations: `-`, `+`, `*`, `/`, `++`, `--` 
 - console.log

Limitations:

 - dynamic variables (i.e. which accept values of multiple types) aren't supported yet  
 - objects: `prototype` is not supported, dynamic properties not supported
 - arrays currently support only `push()`, `pop()` and `length`
 - strings only support `indexOf()` and `length`
 - functions do not support `new`, `arguments` and `this`
 - operations and comparisons are limited depending on operand types:
    - string and number: `==`, `+`
    - string and string: `==`, `+`
    - number and number: `>`, `<`, `<=`, `>=`, `==`, `!=`, `-`, `+`, `*`, `/`, `++`, `--`

Memory management is done via [escape analysis](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Escape_analysis).
Recursion or indirect recursion aren't supported yet, but otherwise this works relatively fine.

Some working examples can be found in **tests** folder.

Live demo
---------

You can try it out yourself online:

 - https://andrei-markeev.github.io/ts2c/

Rationale
---------

The main motivation behind this project was to solve problem that IoT and wearables cannot be currently efficiently
programmed with JavaScript.

The thing is, for sustainable IoT devices that can work for a *long time* on single battery, things like
Raspberry Pi won't do. You'll have to use low-power microcontrollers, which usually have very little memory available.

RAM ranges literally **from 512 bytes** to 120KB, and ROM/Flash **from 1KB** to 4MB. In such conditions, even
optimized JS interpreters like [JerryScript](https://github.com/Samsung/jerryscript), 
[Espruino](https://github.com/espruino/Espruino) or [V7](https://github.com/cesanta/v7) are sometimes too 
much of an overhead and usually lead to the increased battery drain and/or don't leave a lot of system 
resources to your program.

Of course, transpiler cannot map 100% of the JavaScript language and some things are have to be left out, `eval`
being first of them. Still, current conclusion is, that it is possible to transpile most of the language. 

These are some examples of planned target platforms for using with TS2C:
 - [ESP8266](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ESP8266)
 - [Pebble watch](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pebble_(watch))
 - [Atmel AVR](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atmel_AVR#Basic_families) family (used in Arduino boards)   
 - [TI MSP430](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TI_MSP430) family


Usage
-----

Syntax:
```sh
node ts2c.js <files to transpile>
```

In browser (also see **index.html** file):
```html
<script src="https://npmcdn.com/typescript"></script>
<script src="ts2c.bundle.js"></script>
<script>
    var cCode = ts2c.transpile("console.log('Hello world!')");
    alert(cCode);
</script>
```
